This is this year's Wuyishan Dahongpao
Shopkeeper try it
But now I'm going to move on.
What are you looking for me for?
The owner, people outside Mingya Private Hospital
There have been 17 battles
Stabbed a lot of people
Chenjian will definitely
Do everything possible to send people to find
To divide the land for the hospital
It has already come
There will be poverty alleviation in two or three days.
What shopkeeper, do you want to think twice?
Zhao Tiegang, do you know anything?
Is there a relationship between the Fang family and the Chen family?
This as far as I know
I didn't do anything good in Nancheng
It has almost brought down the relatives in Nancheng in the past few years
Oops, I get mad when I mention this.
The minister's family is very powerful
Five mouthfuls
Even small traders and hawkers are going to grab it.
It's been sighed now
I plan to be on the land of Yafeng Hospital
Create a Land Zun Fund
The plan is to invest 500 billion yuan in the development of the southern city
You don't expect
What plan is it?